Metadata-Version: 2.1
Name: GinVPN-Zokontech
Version: 0.1.0
Summary: Psudo VPN using proxy.py
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Zander Krasny
Author-email: akrasny@ufl.edu
License: UNKNOWN
Description: CIS4362 Introduction to Cryptology
        GinVPN-Final Project
        Alexander Krasny
        December 9, 2020
        GINVpn  Installation Guide and User Manual
        Installation instructions
        Depending on system configurations, the python running scripts is likely ‘python’ or ‘python3’
        For the remainder of the user manual, I will assume this command is ‘python’
        GinVPN is installable from PyPi
        To install, use the following command:
        >python -m pip install GinVPN-Zokontech
        It should install the necessary dependencies. If this fails, use pip in the same manner to install the following packages
        •	proxy.py
        •	aiohttp
        •	PyAutoGUI
        When GinVPN and proxy.py are installed, they should create the executables required to run the program in a folder that is in the path environmental variable, however, if this folder is not in path, add it to the path. 
        
        Configuration
        In order to properly utilize GinVPN, you must first run the GinConfig script
        >GinConfig
        It will generate the AES key, and prompt the input of a server and port for the VPN server to run on. By default, it will run on 127.0.0.1 port 5000, but depending on the OS, the address might need to be altered. 
        GinConfig can also be run to alter the parameters of the program individually. It can generate a new key, and alter the server parameters.
        Running
        To run the program use the following commands in separate terminal windows.
        >GinServer
        >proxy --plugins GinVPN.plugin.GinVPNPlugin --hostname 0.0.0.0
        To use, make a curl request like the following using the proxy.
        >curl -x localhost:8899 http://www.example.com
        Depending on the OS, localhost might need to be substituted for 127.0.0.1 (linux)
        The server tends to get overwhelmed from multiple requests. The system works best when performing one request at a time. 
        Happy Encrypting!
        
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Requires-Python: >=3.8
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
